1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

A TUITION-FREE coding school from the future, whereby there are no "teachers" compared to our traditional schooling system.
42 does not require anything from the student (no previous degrees, no SAT, no coding experience, nothing).
ONLY HARDCORE MOTIVATION in order not to give up during the "Piscine".Any person between 18 and 30 can be registered for piscine after completing the logical reasoning tests on the website.
The piscine is a 28 days selection program that a potential candidate should go through in order to be admitted.
At the students are provided a set of tasks(projets) to be completed and a few videos about the topic.
42 implements a peer-to-peer learning system, where a person experiencing difficulties can learn from his friends or help them if they struggle. At 42, a student is not only required to code each day but also to correct other people, which develop the person's skill (reading other people's code).

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

42 uses a revolutionary educational system where you learn on your own at your own pace.
Not having instructions i believe acts like a barrier to entry.
If someone really wants to attend the program, he will do what it takes to understand what the logic tests are about and how to procees. struggling is the key at 42 and thats starts from the logic tests itself.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

42 does not have lectures or practical work supervised by teachers. Students carry out projects proposed by the pedagogic team, and are free to organise their own time.The school is open 24/7. Students help each other and use the Internet for their projects.
42 aims at more than just disrupting education; people at 42 believe that the opportunity for quality education should be open to young people regardless of their background, schooling, or demographics.
Any person between the age of 18 - 45 can apply for the piscine(*there are exceptions).

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really
think it’s worth their time?

It is totally worth it. There is no other place that can teach someone to code as fast as 42 (and proper coding with deep understading).
However, not having experience is one thing; preparation is another. if someone wants to apply for 42, I would strong suggest someone to do at least 1 month of preparation work before attending the piscine. Learning the basics of c(while loops, variables, etc ...) before the piscine will make the first few days easier.

5. What makes 42 unique?

42 is unlike any other program. No teachers, courses or classes. Also no tuition which gives everyone the same opportunities for advancement.
42 welcome all learning styles, specially students who do not fit in the traditional educational system.
42 has a total different admissions process. equal opportunities for everyone and students get accepted based on merit.
Any person between the age of 18 - 45 can apply for the piscine(*there are exceptions).

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

42 teaches so many things. Programming for sure but also perseverence, time management and a bunch of other skills.
but most important thing is "how to learn"

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

step 1: google.com 						if solved ->end

else

step 2: walk arounda and 				if solved ->end 
and ask someone for help    

else 

step 3: walk around some more and 			if not solved still , repeat 3
look for a hint from someone who 
passed the project (there is always one)

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

i heard Gaetan said one thing during the orientation. He told us to send an email to ourselves mentioning all the reasons why each of us wants to beat 42 and what do we hope to achieve. this email should act like a reminder for us, on days where we dont feel motivated. MY GOALS ARE SET and my email is  flagged in my inbox "REMINDER"


9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

its a free school, what else do you want from them. holding you hand, taking you to your job everymorning and picking you up after work ? they do not offer a job placement, but the school is located near silicon valley with so lots of companies around. you can always find help and advice for interships at 42 but do not expect someone will find something for you without you putting in anywork. that being said, welcome to the real world.


10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

as soon as you reach level 7, you should be proficient enough to go out and seek some working experience; hence the first internship. before level 7, you cannot do the first internship before level 7.
same thing applies to the 2nd and the final internship. level up first and then apply .

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

the skills learnt at 42 are extraordinary. 42 teaches you how to learn something and be  proficient at it within 2 weeks (piscines mode: intensive). so even if you are not familiar with the technology that a company uses, you could learn it in 2 weeks time and start working.